so we all know that our daily routine
can be made up of several products she
under primer your foundation your SPF of
course you've powder let's not even talk
about it night when you're coming home
you have your Sarah your anti-aging you
have all these things to help your skin
look amazing wouldn't it be great to
have one product that does everything
you needed to do we got you covered with
our makeup meet skincare game-changers
BB and CC creams who wouldn't want
makeup with skincare benefits right
first game BB our best-selling beauty
balm this is our all-in-one beauty balm
that gives you a flawless complexion I'm
so excited to introduce our latest all
in one game changer CC cream what CC
cream it's the ultimate color correcting
cream for event to fade dark spots it
Prime's perfects protects moisturizes
and fade star spots it neutralizes
discoloration so it's gonna just
diminish all of those sunspots dark swap
clothes acne marks all of that is it
some amazing amazing and guess what bebe
and CeCe are available in five shades so
everyone can have luminous skin it's so
great because now you have two choices
you have BB and you have CC so for a
flawless even complexion go with BB
every day it's perfect if you want just
the right amount of hydration and maybe
a little oil control or if you want to
help fading in this license acceleration
and need something a little bit more
moisturizing choose CC the good news is
both of these are going to get you that
natural gorgeous complexion in just one
step it's where both are so popular on
set at our studios we won't try it yeah
get a new one so let's find your color I
think I love about it is you just be a
very small amount about the size of a
pea you're going to take that and then
you're just going to apply it to the
center of your face and then you layer
so you can actually help to build so
basically bringing a little bit more
coverage just add a little bit more
product so for added polish I love to
use halo with a fan brush it just evens
out the skin tone gives you that light
application they love about your
complexion
now is it simply is just glowy and fresh
you could literally go to castings like
this or a weekend with the girls or
brunch or whatever and your skin just
really looks below if you like this all
day but it will always mimics skin and
that's what we really want here in the
studio and in everyday life we want our
skin to look as flawless as possible so
that's it your CC cream is your
all-in-one number one product so you
know it smashbox really about education
learning people behind the scenes we
have a youtube channel so it's all
smashbox all the time 24 hours a day so
would you like do i do smokey eye how do
i use my BB cream how do i use my CC
cream it's just smash boxes youtube
channel